Updated Registration Completion section (#545)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/chainlink-keepers/register-upkeep.md

    ![Upkeep Registration Success Message](/images/contract-devs/keeper/keeper-registration-submitted.png)

> > 📘 Registration Complete
> > 
> > You have now successfully built and registered a Keeper Compatible contract with the Chainlink Keeper Network.
> > 
> > Your Upkeep will start being serviced after a predefined block confirmation time - less than 10 mins. 
> > Number of block confirmations may differ from chain to chain.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete registration, your upkeep will start being serviced after a predefined block confirmation time, which is less than 10 minutes. The number of block confirmations might differ depending on which blockchain you selected.
```
